map.java
========

  1. The paintComponent() method This method prints three components on the JFrame. i. Prints the map image This method takes a Graphics object as an argument and prints the mapImage. You will use the drawImage() method with syntax: drawImage(Image img, int x, int y, int width, int height, null). The x ad y coordinates correspond to top left corner of the image and will be initialized to (0,0) in this case.  ii. Calls drawLocation(): position of buildings and people at each building Each location specified in the model corresponds to a set of coordinates for the buildings on campus. The drawLocation() method paints a yellow dot over the corresponding building and displays the list of requests and volunteers at that location.  iii. Calls drawIntransit(): motion of volunteers The model parameter “movers” contains data about the intransit movers. The drawIntransit() method fetches the movement data and plots a dashed line and a moving dot representing the motion of a volunteer from one building to the other.  Note: The paintComponent() method is called in the Event Dispatch Thread (EDT) and is not directly invoked in the classes.  2. The drawLocation() method This method places indicators on each marked location and displays the volunteers and the requests present at a particular location. The method first iterates through each location HashSet&lt;String> of locations stored in the model and converts the string coordinates into integers. These values are used to draw two concentric circles at location. Next the method displays a list of volunteers and requests at the location.  3. The drawIntransit() method This method reads the mover HashSet in the model and displays the motion of movers from one location to the other using a dashed line and a moving green dot. Follow the implementation guidelines inside the skeleton code for implementing this method step by step.
